For our final project for DevMountain, I decided to take on a decently
 sized project, which was almost a bit of a mistake to say the least, I decided to try and make a
  social media platform website. It took just about all the tools and tips and tricks that 
  we learned in our classes for the past 7 weeks. From cyber security, to front-end, backend, databases, the whole shebang, 
  it was a hefty project, I have learned a lot from building this project even such things like how the 
  browser can be utilized to store local data, 
  like session keys or other useful information that you don’t want to have to send between
  the server and the client constantly, or verify. One problem I encountered was with asynchronous functions,
   SQL doesn’t like to get along with other await methods 
  inside of a function, and it wasn’t liking that so I found out if I create asynchronous functions that 
  return something after a SQL call that has await, it works, took me a little while to figure that out. 

Building my backend assessment
	for the assessment on our back end/apis. I decided to go out on it. I created a website that pinged a api for dog photos, 
    also created a simple webapi that encrypts and decrypts any phrase the user puts in. But I was really happy with being able to push the dog images from the api to a sever and storing it temporarily, so the user could go to another site, and view all of these, I really worked hard on the css/js interactivity, adding a lot of animations and transitions. Making it so when you request a dog photo it will slowly crop the image out by sliding.
	One problem I encountered was making it more efficient, when I realized that the dog photos only loaded 
    one at a time so there would be a time when the image would disappear then it would wait to fetch a new image 
    and pull that image, so I decided to make a way using javascript to load one at the beginning of the animation 
    and store it in a alternate variable, when the transition completed the images would switch, and then it would repeat but with 
    the alternate image to the original.
	I learned a lot about js animations learning how the event listeners can really help with css transitions and got to go 
    really far with that. I chose it because it looks really good, and allows the user to feel the experience.
	I have used javascript a ton for front end interactivity, starting to learn react, because that’s one more up of that.

		

